AGILE Methodology: 
-> In short, adopting to situations through Iterative approach.
			          (step by step process)
-> Req, plans and results are evaluated continuously so teams
have a natural mechanism for responding to change quickly.

Agile Manifesto:

* Individual and Interactions over process and tools
* Working Software over comprehensive doc
* Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
* Responding to change over following a plan

eg) That is, while there is value in the items on the right,
	     we value the items on the left more.

Frameworks in Agile:
1)Scrum Framework
2)KANBAN
3)eXtreme Programming
4)Scaled Agile Frmk(SAFe)

Scrum Frmk:
->frmk for develping and sustaining complex products
->describes a set of meetings, tools and roles that work in concert
to help teams structure and manage their work.

Scrum Roles:			Scrum ceremonies:
*Developers(Team)		* Sprint Plan meeting
*Product owner			* Daily Standupcall
*Scrum Master			* Sprint review
				* Sprint Retrospective

1) a person(Customer) who have idea of developing a software but dont have 
knowledge to develop approaches a S/w company to develop it.

2) he/she meets up with person who have common interest(vision) and 
accepts to develop the software after certain months, 
who later will called as *"Product Owner"*

3) Product Owner takes the Requirements and create a Document called 
   "LOG". Note: after the sprints starts it is called backglog. 
    When this log is present with Product owner it is called 
    "Product backglog."

4) Product owner forms a Team(developers, testers, etc) and create a 
"Sprint plan". The requirements for the sprint plan is discussed in
"Sprint plan Meeting". usually one sprint will always be 2-4weeks, mostly
2 weeks.

5)Each sprint(2 weeks) requiremetns (tasks) will be logged as 
"Spring Backlog".

6) While the sprint process is going on, every day All Team members should
attend a meeting called "Standup meeting" or "Scrum call" for the 
entire sprint. all have to inform their work status like
			-> what i did yesterday?
			-> What am i doing today?
			-> is there any blocker for my work today?	

7) This standup meeting will be conducted by "Scrum master"(like a coach).
Scrum master don't need to be a technical expert but knows well about the 
Agile - Scrum principles and advice every team member to follow them strictly.

8) After 2 weeks(usuall sprint), a potentially shippable product will be
obtained. The product which can be used individually to run it is 
the shippable product. This is should be the end result of every Sprint

9)"Sprint review Meeting" - review meeting is done on the shippable product
			    as per customer requirement.to inspect the outcome
			    of sprint. Like, done or not done?

10)Increment - A sum of usable sprint backlog items completed by the Developers
	       in the sprint that meets the definition of done, plus the value
	       of all the increments that came before.

11)"Sprint retrospective meeting" - review meeting is done to the Whole
				     team whether they did work as needed.
				     How better they can be done, like using
				     diff techs?

12) If the requirements from "sprint backlog" are not met within the particular 
sprint, the timeline for that particular sprint should not be extended as 
it will break scrum rules.

13)this sprint backlog will then be added to Product Backlog and then moved to 
spring backlog before the starting another sprint.  
