Benefits of spring boot over spring

1)Dependency resolution:
->in spring frmk, first we need to find what are the dependencies we need to add to
integrate spring and hibernate and list down all the dependencies based on the same
version. if spring is ver.3 and hibernate is v.5 there may be dependency conflict.
its the same rule for all the dependencies we add in spring frmk

->just by adding the spring starter web, spring data jpa alone is enough to work with
spring MVC.it is backward compatible. we dont need to worry about the version

2)Minimum configuration:
-> in spring frmk, we need to enable datasource, sessionfactory, transaction and
mention bean to scan like component scan everything we need to configure in file.
it is a burdon for the developer to remember this much configuration for large appln.

-> but in sprint boot, those configurations are not required only add few 
configuration in properties.file.it will enable all the config


3)Embedded server for testing:
->for spring frmk, we have to run the appln in server(we configured) 
everytime even for testing

->but in spring boot, we can run the appln in embedded Tomcat server provided by the
frmk itself

4)Bean autoscan:
->in spring manually we need to enable the componenet scan in springRest-servlet.xml file
like component scan base package = "com.spring.rest.crud" then IOC container will 
scan all the beans

-> but in spring boot,we can enable the component scan by adding @component scan
annotation. since it is already available within the @SpringBootApplication we dont 
need to use is separately.
Note: the controller class should be within the samepackage strcuture as main class
to automatically enable @Component scan else IOC will unable to scan it. so it is 
a best practive to main the other class within the base(same) package.

5)Health Metrics:
->in spring frmk, we need to add the customized frmk or third party to monitor 
the appln health
->but in spring boot, we have concept called Actuator to monitor the health metrics
of the appln.